Thk queues (#13)
hms-networks/sc-flexy-logger-lib: README.md

| 1, -1 (Critical) | Critical application log messages (Startup, Initialization, Unrecoverable Error) |
| 0 (None)         | Logging is disabled |

## [Socket Logging](#table-of-contents)
This library supports outputting log information over a raw socket connection on port 766.

> Netcat Example: Connect to a flexy with IP address 192.168.0.1
> ```console
> nc 192.168.0.1 766

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Netcat Example: Connect to a Flexy with IP address 10.0.0.53
```console
nc 10.0.0.53 766
```

Author: changed
